Issue #3455: ability to customize micrometer observation (#3456)
reactor/reactor-core: docs/asciidoc/metrics-details.adoc

This is the ANONYMOUS observation, but you can create a similar Observation with a custom name by using the `name(String)` operator.

NOTE: You can also fully customize Micrometer's Observation via
`Micrometer.observation(ObservationRegistry registry, Function<ObservationRegistry, Observation> observationSupplier)`

> with your own Observation supplier, allowing to fully customize its attributes (name, contextual name, low and high cardinality keys, ...).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with your own Observation supplier, allowing to configure its attributes (name, contextual name, low and high cardinality keys, ...).
```

Reviewer: Suggesting the change, as "fully customize" is used before already.

Author: OK, suggestion applied
